---
layout: post
title: Reload
author: Migue
tags: [Thinking]
---

Aaaaaand there we are, writting a new post and ready to come back to work. After holiday week that I have complete a so really awesome goal.
     
There is a little hill called El Llano de la Perdiz, here, in Granada (Spain). I heard that the local rugby team usually ran to the top of this hill on its workouts. So the last Monday after a calisthenics workout session as every week I ran to the Alhambra. Every time I do it always I turn to the left to come back running by Cuesta de los Chinos.
     
But not this Monday, this Monday on the top, near to a famous restaurant (If you live in Granada I am sure that you know it) I think: "It is still early, let's go to the 
Llano"
     
And there we go, just keep running to the top. You can find the cementery and then a 4.5 km way to the top. I thinked that nobody could be so crazy to come, specially a 
Monday. I could not be more wrong. I found a group of three bikers going to the same place, just one kilometer more I found a man walking and finally on the top and near to 
a sundial a family on a van (I do not know what are the doing here). During the way, there is a enemy that you need to destroy. Hot? animals? No, our biggest enemy or our 
biggest ally: our mind. The more powerfull tool of the human. At the moment you conquer your mind, you are unstoppeable.  
     
And finally I arrive. This moment, you feel a deep happiness and the illusion of acomplish your goal. This goal that appears while you are running as each day and if you 
decline this initial idea, now you are not feeling this wonderfull emotions.
     
### So, what is the interest of this experience with the main subjet of the blog?
Instead of I write a speech, this [link](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2_fDhqRk_Ro) is better.
     

#### While you can breath, you can do it (I thinked it some months ago)