---
layout: post
title: Stress
author: Migue
---

Developers and IT people are two of the main groups affected by stress, anxiety and other issues that if we do not manage them properly can impact in our 
personal life.

Insomnia, anxiety, tachycardia, nervousness are important symptoms that should not be underestimated. My recommendation if you feel any of these symptoms is to 
take action and seek help if necessary. Do not keep it state, take care of yourself. Without health you cannot code, apply partner design, algorithms etc. 

Fortunately we have some healthy habits that help us to manage this kind of issues:

* Workout, workout and more workout

    Working out is one of my favorites habits, if not the most, that can help us if you feel nervous or have issue to sleep. The training is not only a physical 
    activity. You release endorphins that will help you reduce stress. Also it teaches you auto discipline, effort culture, mental strength in short you will feel more confident to confront the stress.
    If you do not know how to workout or you do not have enough money to pay a gym membership you can check this [link](https://mainformatico.github.io/Sport_Time/) 

* Meditation

    [Meditation](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Meditation) is another resource we have to manage stressful situation. Meditation gives you peace in your mind, helps you to sleep better and increase your self-esteem. So it is not only a tool to make you feel relaxed, it will also bring us inner peace.

* Good friends

    These persons or this person that you know that will help you if you have problems, call him/her and just talk. Your friends can be a great help if you feel 
    stressed. A simple walk through the city, eat a ["tapa"](https://es.wikipedia.org/wiki/Tapa_(alimento))
    or just sit on a bench in a park and talk. This simple actions can be really helpful and make you feel better. We are humans, not machines. Do not feel 
    uncomfortable if you need to request help. Life has a lot of situations and sometimes everybody, even these kind of persons that seems to be "perfect" needs a hug or talk. It is absolutely normal.
* Music

    Music is another good option that can help you if you feel stressed. Each person has different interest and there are a lot of music genres. So feel free to
    pick your favorite disc, your headphones, lie down on the bef or on the sofa and enjoy it!

We have a lot of resources that we can use if we need it, so take action, use it and take care of yourself!

> "Never surrender!"
